README.md, before:

# Student Feedback System

A comprehensive student feedback system built using CustomTkinter and SQLite. This application allows users to register, log in, and provide feedback on courses and instructors. Admins have additional capabilities to view, edit, and delete feedback entries.

## Features

### User Features

- **Registration**: Users can register by providing details such as name, email, password, phone number, department, batch, roll number, registration number, and blood group.
- **Login**: Users can log in using their registered email and password.
- **Profile**: View user profile details.
- **Give Feedback**: Submit feedback for courses and instructors along with a rating out of 5.
- **Feedback History**: View previously submitted feedbacks with options to edit or delete them.

### Admin Features

- **Admin Login**: Admin can log in using special credentials.
- **View Users**: Admin can view all registered users and their details.
- **Manage Feedback**: Admin can view, edit, or delete any feedback entries.
- **Generate Reports**: Admin can generate and download reports on feedback for analysis.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- CustomTkinter library
- SQLite3

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/student-feedback-system.git
   
   cd student-feedback-system

Commit message:

added anonymous and upvote and downvote system

README.md, after:

# Student Feedback System

A comprehensive student feedback system built using CustomTkinter and SQLite. This application allows users to register, log in, and provide feedback on courses and instructors. Admins have additional capabilities to view, edit, and delete feedback entries.

## Features

### User Features

- **Registration**: Users can register by providing details such as name, email, password, phone number, department, batch, roll number, registration number, and blood group.
- **Login**: Users can log in using their registered email and password.
- **Profile**: View user profile details.
- **Give Feedback**: Submit feedback for courses and instructors along with a rating out of 5.
- **Feedback History**: View previously submitted feedbacks with options to edit or delete them.
- **Feedback voting**: User can upvote and downvote on each feedback from other.
- **Anonymous Feedback**: User can give feedback anonymously.

### Admin Features

- **Admin Login**: Admin can log in using special credentials.
- **View Users**: Admin can view all registered users and their details.
- **Manage Feedback**: Admin can view, edit, or delete any feedback entries.
- **Generate Reports**: Admin can generate and download reports on feedback for analysis.
- **Showing Voting Number**: View total voting provided by user.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- CustomTkinter library
- SQLite3

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/student-feedback-system.git
   
   cd student-feedback-system
